hi everyone so today I have a grocery
haul for you this is the first grocery
haul for the month of April I ended up
going to walmart and giant eagle let me
show you everything that I bought so nor
this this is a in the bath I've got tape
outside so beside the table anyways um I
have a bag of baby spin some whole bring
some cut across funny I have a can of
pineapple slices at two cans of crushed
tomatoes welcome Italian bread some
cooking spray corby wanted these protein
cheerios again he really liked those and
he also wanted some more like protein
bars so he has these chewy protein once
it has peanuts almonds and chocolate and
then these ones are like a yogurt 1 and
Greek yogurt one with strawberries and
nuts Sophia's those narrow by the
cranberries I'm gonna make me some more
humming canola peanut Colbert a medley
frozen fruit for smoothies that's my
breakfast a sweet thing of milk some
choc milk I have a big guide on pillows
thing up babybel cheese I have some
sliced cheese this is like our snacks I
love the Cadbury mini eggs these are
like my favorites like candy I so
excited about Easter time when I'm
outside and then I want Kobe a single
populations so I have two mangoes I have
some yogurt just the yo plate you try
this kind this is caramel coconut yeah
coconut in carmel to limit the addition
one so i have that and then i have two
of the mixed berries and then these ones
are the fruit bottom ones i have a
strawberry and a mixed berry two of
those I have three bell peppers pound of
ground beef some chicken breasts bag of
onions some of the seasoned coating mix
to gluten-free kind this makes really
good popcorn chicken I have a box of
this pink iyada brown rice possum
sonya orange juice with pulp for Colby
Pope free low acid orange juice for me I
like to put this in my smoothies for my
lunch is this week I wanted some chicken
burgers these are my bone event since
they're all natural ones and they're
raised without antibiotics there's only
three ingredients in these um it is
seriously just now focus chicken salt
and pepper I love these these are great
for a quick lunch and then I have a
dozen eggs and that is everything for my
grocery haul for this week i will leave
how much money i spent at the end of
this video or down the description box
or someplace like that but hope you guys
enjoyed this video and i will see Nessa
hi guys
you